add docs for k8s kubeconfig, defaultNamespace (#3803)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-cryptography/kubernetes-secrets.md

## Spec metadata fields

| Field              | Required |  Details | Example |
|--------------------|:--------:|------------|-----|---------|
| `defaultNamespace` | N | Default namespace to retrieve secrets from. If unset, the namespace must be specified for each key, as `namespace/secretName/key` | `"default-ns"` |

> | `kubeconfigPath` | N | The path to the kubeconfig file. If not specified, the binding will use the default in-cluster config value | `"/path/to/kubeconfig"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `kubeconfigPath` | N | The path to the kubeconfig file. If not specified, the binding uses the default in-cluster config value | `"/path/to/kubeconfig"`
```
